Update event types and InteractionStatus to be more concise (#8009)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/v4-migration.md

## Behavioral Breaking Changes

### Event types and InteractionStatus changes

We have consolidated event types and InteractionStatus to reflect what happened rather than what API it happened in.

> 1. `SSO_SILENT` and `ACQUIRE_TOKEN_BY_CODE` events have been consolidated into `ACQUIRE_TOKEN` events (`START`/`SUCCESS`/`FAILURE` variants)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `SSO_SILENT` and `ACQUIRE_TOKEN_BY_CODE` events have been replaced with `ACQUIRE_TOKEN` events (`START`/`SUCCESS`/`FAILURE` variants)
```

1. `ACCOUNT_ADDED` and `ACCOUNT_REMOVED` have been replaced with `LOGIN_SUCCESS` and `LOGOUT_SUCCESS`, respectively.
1. `LOGIN_START` and `LOGIN_FAILURE` have been replaced with `ACQUIRE_TOKEN_START` and `ACQUIRE_TOKEN_FAILURE`, respectively.
1. The payload for `LOGIN_SUCCESS` is now an `AccountInfo` object.

> 1. Any successful login now emits both a `LOGIN_SUCCESS` and `ACQUIRE_TOKEN_SUCCESS` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any successful login now emits both a `LOGIN_SUCCESS` and `ACQUIRE_TOKEN_SUCCESS` event.
```

> 1. For `InteractionStatus`: `Login`, `SsoSilent`, and `AcquireToken` are now consolidated into `AcquireToken`.

Reviewer: This isn't public at this layer but should be called out in the react migration guide (inProgress state)
```suggestion
```
